--- PAGE 1 ---


--- PAGE 2 ---
COMPANY
PROFILE
2022
COVER & LAYOUT DESIGN
Starlcon Investments


--- PAGE 3 ---
Contents
About Us
Vision & Mission
Our Market 
Our Services
Our Contacts 
04
05
06
07
11
3


--- PAGE 4 ---
GWECELY LIMITED is a registered company in Kenya under the company Act, 
2015 founded and led by a team of networked experts with strategic insight and 
industry-gained experience in Mechanical Engineering.
Our areas of expertise include panel beating and spray painting. 
We also engage in general supplies of oﬃce stationaries, furniture and ﬁttings, 
computer and computer accessories, health and safety equipments, dry foods and 
beverages.
about us;
4


--- PAGE 5 ---
mission
To be the recognized leader in
creating desirable communities,
while leaving a legacy of
excellence.
Vision
To provide quality services through lyal
loyal  relationships , clear communication 
and creative solutions within our unique 
work environment while achieving
personal and community growth.
“you dream it.
we provide it.
you live it.”
5


--- PAGE 6 ---
We serve sole trader businesses, close corporations and limited 
companies. Our dedicated staﬀ members will meet your needs and 
provide professional service regardless of the size of your business. 
We are aware that all businesses are diﬀerent and each has distinct 
ﬁnancial budgets.
Our fees are therefore customized and structured in a way that 
ensures aﬀordability without compromise to quality.
Our services are tailor made to meet the needs of our clients in 
various industries.
our market
6


--- PAGE 7 ---
1. Mechanical Engineering
We provide automotive repairs and maintenance services. We have a team of highly 
qualified and experienced personnel, who ensure that services are delivered in a 
professionally and timely manner. 
We have also partnered with reliable suppliers to ensure that we always have uninterrupted 
delivery of quality spares and materials, at competitive prices. 
Our garage is fully equipped to perform all minor and major repairs and maintenance 
services for mechanical, electrical, panel beating and spray painting. 
As a company, we emphasize on preventive maintenance because it saves the customer  
money and hassles from serious and expensive breakdowns. We treat our customers with 
the respect and friendliness as we would want to be treated. 
7
OUR SERVICES


--- PAGE 8 ---
A. Mechanical and Electrical Services
our garage has a team of professional 
mechanics with good eye-hand coordination 
and manual dexterity. Our team is well-versed in 
complex mechanical or electronical systems of 
vehicles and have excellent problem-solving 
abilities. 
We perform all mechanical and electrical 
services for vehicles ranging from passenger 
Ours services
Inspecting vehicle engines and 
mechanical/electrical components to diagnose 
mechanical.electrical issues.
Inspect vehicle computer and electronic systems 
to repair, maintain and upgrade.
Conduct routine maintenance work (replacing 
fluids, lubricating parts etc.) aiming to vehicle 
functionality and longevity.
Repair or replace broken or dysfunctional parts 
and fix issues (e.g. leaks)
A great mechanic 
doesn't just ﬁx problems, 
they create solutions.
“
“
8


--- PAGE 9 ---
B. Panel Beating and 
     Spray Painting. 
We have many years of Panel beating and spray 
painting experience for all types of vehicles and do 
a complete recoat on any brand or touch-ups for 
dents or panel damage.
Gwecely Limited has dedicated staff and 
workshop space to straighten chassis' of any vehicle 
brand or type. As a company/garage, we take pride 
in bringing your car back to the state it was before 
an accident.
Our repair process is highly efficient and customer 
centric. We aim to repair your vehicle as quickly as 
possible whilst maintaining the high quality 
standard that we have.
9
From fender benders 
to major collisions, 
we've got you covered.
“
“


--- PAGE 10 ---
2. Office Stationaries
Gwecely Limited stocks and has all your stationery 
needs covered, whether you're in an office, school, 
hospital or airport, name it.
We understand that everyone's requirement is different 
so provide a diverse range of products to fit all 
requirements. From general stationery items such as 
paper and pens through to cleaning equipment and 
Catering supplies ensuring that you're prepared for 
every eventuality.
So whether you need resources for an arts 
and crafts lesson, clipboards for survey's, a 
presentation for architectural blueprints or 
simply a box of pens for the office, ¨Papers, 
Envelopes, Writing, Graphic Supplies, 
Desktop Accessories & Labels,
 Books, Pads, Diaries, Organizers, Filing & Archival Storage, Accounting, Personnel Files, Binders, 
Indices,Office Tapes & Adhesives, Continuous Stationery,Clips & Fasteners.
We supply on demand a wide range of furniture and  
fittings .
We also  do repair of furniture and fittings
We understand your needs & requirements and 
provide solutions to fulfill them.
10
3. Furniture & Fittings


--- PAGE 11 ---
6. Computer & Computer Accessories
Our product line encompasses:
Computer hardware- Servers, Workstations, Laptops, 
Tablet PCs and Palm PCs.; Printers – Colour Desk Jet 
printers, black/white and colour LaserJet printers, ; 
UPS - 650va to 10kva UPS.; Stabilizers - 1kv-30kva 
stabilizers and many more Specialized IT Equipment 
including Photocopies & MFP, Large Format Printers 
& Scanners, CCTV Surveillance Systems, Air 
Conditioners, Cameras, High Speed Scanners
11
7. Health and Safety
Health and safety is an important aspect in everyday 
operations as accidents happen with different 
magnitudes depending on type of accidents and risks 
involved. therefore there is always a means of either 
mitigating the loss or rather preventing such 
accidents. as a results, paragon systems is committed 
in both mitigation and prevention by offering quality 
and trusted health and safety products for both 
commercial, residential and individual purposes. 


--- PAGE 12 ---
8. Dry Foods & Beverages
We supply all legume family commodities 
include beans, cowpeas, green grams, 
fresh peas and even groundnuts.
We supply all fresh fruits and Vegetable 
family commodities include spinach, 
Cabbages, watermelons, Bananas, 
Oranges, mangoes, apples among many 
more.
We also supply and distribute bottled 
drinking water and other beverages.
12


--- PAGE 13 ---
For
Enquiries:
Please Get in Touch with us...
Gwecely Limited
Behind CMC Motors, Mombasa, 
Off Bishop Macarios Road
P.O.Box 323 - 80100, Mombasa.
+254 712 456-072 / +254 716 191-940
info@gwecely.co.ke/ fredrickgweth@gmail.com
